Questions (10%)

1. Why does the following expression 0.1 + 0.2 === 0.3 evaluate to false in Javascript?
    - Due to Javascript using a 32 bit floating system this causes errors when rounding floating point numbers, such as
    0.1 + 0.2, due to this, it will not be === 0.3 when trying to evaulte it.
2. What does the method attribute on a form element decide?
    - It decides which way to actually send the data that has been gone through in the form. It will send either as a GET method or POST method. 
    Get is a practial way of submission, which leads to the user beeing able to see the information as a part of the url. This way on websites with dedicated 
    actionpages, it will be able to tell the difference between actionpage and regular page. However get could also lead to some security issues, as it is a lot easier
    to get hold of sensitive information that way. Which is where the POST method is regularly used.
3. Explain why the form fields appear in the URL when the method on form element is changed to GET?
    - Get method requests a representation of the data. This way it can show the data properly later on, that is also why it is shown in the url, as the representation 
    of the data is shown lastly as it is what it should show.
4. Why is it considered bad practice to only validate form input with HTML5 and/or Javascript?
    - One part of it is that js can be turned of in browser, which could ruin all kinds of form validation completly. Another part is code errors which could lead 
    to it not working and is also easier to be tampered with later on. Such as fake submissions, malecious usage etc. In other words one cannot trust What
    the user is doing with the data that they are sending. Which could lead to huge problems later on.
5. When is it appropriate to use textarea over input?
    - In general input fields are only meant as a field which you use for short answers, longer answers are meant to be used in textareas. The reason for this
    is simply storage manipulation i.e how to actually store the data that is sent. Longer answers are often stored in other ways, and therefore use textareas.